Add section to debugging.md to explain that you can also use IDEs debug (#2146)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/develop/debugging.md

<!-- END: Single Column Body Module -->

<!-- Single Column Body Module -->

{% capture content %}

## Debugging with an external development environment (IDE)

> You can also debug your extension using an external integrated development environment (IDE).
> 
> For more details, see their respective documentation pages, e.g. [here is the one of the extension for Visual Studio Code (VSCode)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=firefox-devtools.vscode-firefox-debug).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Mozilla provides a [Debug Adapter for Firefox](https://www.npmjs.com/package/firefox-debugadapter) that implements the [Debug Adapter Protocol (DAP)](https://microsoft.github.io/debug-adapter-protocol/). This adapter enables debug integration with any IDE that supports DAP.

At the time of writing, September 2025, these integrations are available:

- Visual Studio Code [Debugger for Firefox](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=firefox-devtools.vscode-firefox-debug)—this extension is maintained by the [Firefox DevTools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/publishers/firefox-devtools) team.
- [Eclipse Wild Web Developer : 🌐 Web dev in Eclipse IDE 🌘](https://github.com/eclipse-wildwebdeveloper/wildwebdeveloper/)

In addition, other DAP adapters have been reported to work, such as debugging in [Neovim](https://neovim.io/), using [nvim-dap](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap).
```

Author: Oh cool, did not know that, thanks! Even more useful to document it then!
